When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work local?

Reflect: Manual vs. automatic pull

Now that you've both pushed changes to GitHub, and pulled changes from GitHub, add the following question and your thoughts on it to your reflections file:

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

You may also want to commit and push your changes. When you're finished, click "Next" and Sarah will go over what to do if you want to share your changes to a repository and you don't have permission to modify the original.

Reflect: Forks, Clones, and Branches

Now that you've seen how you can make a copy of a repository on GitHub by forking it, go add the the following question and your thoughts on it to your reflections file:

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches. When would you use one instead of another?

You may also want to commit and push your changes. When you're finished, click "Next".

Reflect: Local copies of remote branches

Now that you've seen how to update your local copy of remote branches, and how to combine conflicting changes from multiple people, add the following question and your thoughts on it to your reflections file:

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote stored locally?

You may also want to commit and push your changes. When you're finished, click "Next" and Caroline will introduce a GitHub feature called a Pull Request that makes collaboration easier.

Reflect: Collaboration using Git and GitHub

Now that you've seen how multiple people can share changes to a project using GitHub, and review proposed changes using pull requests, go add the following question and your thoughts on it to your reflections file:

How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub? What would be easier, and what would be harder?

You may also want to commit and push your changes. When you're finished, click "Next".


Reflect: When to use a separate branch

You just saw that the workflow when making changes in a separate branch is more complicated than working directly in master, especially when you need to stay up-to-date with changes others are making. Rather than simply pulling and pushing, you need to pull changes into your local master branch, merge the local master into your branch (different-oil, in our case), then push your branch to the remote before finally merging your branch into master, either locally or on GitHub.

Given that, please add the following question and your thoughts on it to your reflections file:

When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in master? What benefits does each approach have?

You may also want to commit and push your changes. When you're finished, click "Next" to put everything you've learned together by contributing to the create-your-own-adventure repository.